Markup.ml is distributed under the terms of the 2-clause BSD license. Its text
is given below.


Copyright (c) 2016, Anton Bachin
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.





The Markup.ml source code includes a file "src/entities.json", which is taken
from the HTML5 specification found at:

https://www.w3.org/TR/2014/REC-html5-20141028/

Distribution of this file is governed by the W3C document license, found at:

https://www.w3.org/Consortium/Legal/2015/doc-license

The text of the license is given below.


Copyright © 2014 W3C® (MIT, ERCIM, Keio, Beihang), All Rights Reserved. This
software or document includes material copied from or derived from HTML5
[https://www.w3.org/TR/2014/REC-html5-20141028/].

License

By using and/or copying this document, or the W3C document from which this
statement is linked, you (the licensee) agree that you have read, understood,
and will comply with the following terms and conditions:

Permission to copy, and distribute the contents of this document, or the W3C
document from which this statement is linked, in any medium for any purpose and
without fee or royalty is hereby granted, provided that you include the
following on ALL copies of the document, or portions thereof, that you use:

- A link or URL to the original W3C document.
- The pre-existing copyright notice of the original author, or if it doesn't
  exist, a notice (hypertext is preferred, but a textual representation is
  permitted) of the form: "Copyright © [$date-of-document] World Wide Web
  Consortium, (MIT, ERCIM, Keio, Beihang).
  http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Legal/2015/doc-license"
- If it exists, the STATUS of the W3C document.

When space permits, inclusion of the full text of this NOTICE should be
provided. We request that authorship attribution be provided in any software,
documents, or other items or products that you create pursuant to the
implementation of the contents of this document, or any portion thereof.

No right to create modifications or derivatives of W3C documents is granted
pursuant to this license, except as follows: To facilitate implementation of the
technical specifications set forth in this document, anyone may prepare and
distribute derivative works and portions of this document in software, in
supporting materials accompanying software, and in documentation of software,
PROVIDED that all such works include the notice below. HOWEVER, the publication
of derivative works of this document for use as a technical specification is
expressly prohibited.

In addition, "Code Components" - Web IDL in sections clearly marked as Web IDL;
and W3C-defined markup (HTML, CSS, etc.) and computer programming language code
clearly marked as code examples— are licensed under the W3C Software License.

The notice is:
"Copyright © 2015 W3C® (MIT, ERCIM, Keio, Beihang). This software or document
includes material copied from or derived from [title and URI of the W3C
document]."

Disclaimers

THIS DOCUMENT IS PROVIDED "AS IS," AND COPYRIGHT HOLDERS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS
OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR TITLE;
THAT THE CONTENTS OF THE DOCUMENT ARE SUITABLE FOR ANY PURPOSE; NOR THAT THE
IMPLEMENTATION OF SUCH CONTENTS WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY PATENTS,
COPYRIGHTS, TRADEMARKS OR OTHER RIGHTS.

COPYRIGHT HOLDERS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF ANY USE OF THE DOCUMENT OR THE PERFORMANCE
OR IMPLEMENTATION OF THE CONTENTS THEREOF.

The name and trademarks of copyright holders may NOT be used in advertising or
publicity pertaining to this document or its contents without specific, written
prior permission. Title to copyright in this document will at all times remain
with copyright holders.
